			VPN:Virtual Private Network (Réseau privé virtuel)


	It is a tunnel via which the user will connect to the internet. This process was created for professionals to
	secure remote server connection. The user's connection will go through a distant server before connecting to
	the desire services.
	This server will encrypt the data and dissimulate details from the original request.
	
	Advantages of using a VPN: 
	
		- Security.
			Since data is encrypted, connection is secure and protected from outside. It is almost impossible to
			snoop (épier/fouinner) upon a VPN connection.
		
		- Privacy
			A VPN connection "guarantees" the use's anonymity. As the server dissimulates the user's adress  (IP)
			
		- Avoid geographical restrictions
			A VPN changes the user's location and can go around restrictions in order to access services destined to a 
			particular territory.
		
		- Government censorship
		
		
	Drawbacks of VPN:
	
		- Internet speed is imposed by the distant server and will considerably decrease your transfer rate.
		
		- You have to accept the fact that third parties, those owners if the distant server may have access to your data.
			(Employees, technician, sub contractors...)
			
			
	VPN as a commercial success. Why ?
	
	
		- Users use VPN to secure their Wifi connections to hotspots.
		
		- Use virtual geographical location to access denied services such as Tv shows and music clips (netflix, youtube).
		
		- To avoid price discrimination (Like plane tickets price rising). Big companies will give you access to preferential
			rates according to your geographical location.
			
			
			
2-REDIGEZ UN COURRIEL EN ANGLAIS EN SUIVANT LES  POINTS CI-DESSOUS. 
(au moins 150 mots) : ( 10 points ) 

VOUS – Security tech solutions 
CLIENT – Nomad Sales Ltd 

La société Nomad Sales Ltd envoie des techniciens de vente partout en Europe. Elle s’inquiète de la recrudescence des actes d'espionnage industriel. 
La gérante, Marcia Christie voudrait vous solliciter afin de trouver une méthode pour sécuriser les connexions à distance de ses employés et éviter ainsi 
que des fichiers sensibles soient récupérés par des personnes mal intentionnées. 
Expliquez votre solution , sa mise en œuvre et les garanties qu'elle donne. Proposez une offre commerciale qui serait susceptible d’intéresser la cliente 
pour une éventuelle collaboration.

Formules d'usages obligatoires. 




Dear Mrs Christie,

We received your recent email explaining your need & concern about the security of your technician network. You indeed spotted a very common security breach in
companies, and we are very happy to be able to tell you that we can propose you a solution that is oftenly adopted by businesses all around the world to fix 
that data privacy concern.

You may have heard of VPN (Virtual Private Network). This process was created originally for professionals to secure their remote server connection.
The user's connection will go through a distant server before connecting to	the desire services. This server will then encrypt the data and make it unreadable 
for anyone but the intended receiver.

To be a bit less technical, this process will make connection from hotspots secure, and assure that any connection from your technicians can't be snooped on.

Our company uses the services of NordVpn, which is the leading business in this field. For an installation fee and  the price of the NordVpn subscription, we can
help you make your company foolproof of most spying attempt in a matter of hours.

You'll find attached to this mail our full range of services, and we will be available for any further information you may need.

Best regards,

Security Tech solutions.





























