	CONSIGNES ORAL

10 mins de prépa : video 
Jerry LEONIDE dit:10 mins : compte rendu video en anglais 
Jerry LEONIDE dit:commentaires sur le support en anglais.
	
	
	VIRTUALIZATION
	
This terms refers to the creation of resources such as desktop, O/S, storage devices, etc by
using the core power of a single computer.

The resources from the HOST (main computer) is therefore divided into parts to accomodate the
virtual machines.

virtualization technology involves separating the physical hardware and software by emulating
hardware through software.

When a different OS is operating on top of the primary OS, by means of virtualization, it is 
referred as a virtual machine.

The most common program used for virtual machines is VirtualBox.

Key words :

	Hypervisor: The program in charge to subdivide and allocate the ressources to the virtual
		machines.
	Guest OS: The OS installed onto any virtual machine created within the hypervisor.
	Partition: One storage device can be split to simulate several storage devices within the 
		main one. It allows the user to protect / organize / test processes without risking the
		integrity of other partitions.
		
USES:

	1- Reduced operations costs:
		Investing in one powerful server and then subdivide it's ressources is more economic in all
		terms (hardware costs and maintenance / energy / software licenses, etc)
		
	2- Backup management:
		You can create full backups of your virtual machines within minutes. These backups can be 
		moved from one server to another and redeployed easier and faster. (Security is enhanced and 
		organization is easier).
		
	3- Testing procedures.
		Virtual machines provide a safe and reliable space to test all sorts of procedures (code /
		software / malware / etc).
		It allows also to develop on multiple supports
		

DISADVANTAGES:

	1- Scalability issues - (scale)	
		An organization sometimes does not know its real needs at the beginning. Expansion can be 
		often an issue. Virtualization cannot adapt to change in activities.
		
	2- Internet dependent process
		Virtualization used via the cloud is totally dependent on the quality of connection.
		
	3- Higher complexity in the network management.
		It demands a higher comprehension and technicality from the IT support as virtual environments 
		can be very complex.
		
		
Exercice: 

Choose one hypervisor that you would use for your company and explain your choice.
Company needs. (ressources / users / computing power / etc)

Considering our company ridiculous policies about new hires, the complete lack of common sense of our 
CEO, the latest trend with pandemic that aim to destroy every small business in sight, we are now a broke
company without any workers. Our ressources are scarce, our users, snapped (thanos joke) and at this point 
we would need to predict the future to save our business. So with all of that in mind, I recommend the usage 
of the hypervisor Oracle, which, beside the good omen contained in its name, bring a total bill of 0$. I've 
read thoroughly the shortest summary title I could find to pretend I know what i'm talking about, and with
that extensive knowledge, I can assure you that Oracle can, indeed, be a VM server for x86. 