	Comparative
	
He is tall => Il est grand
He is taller than ... => Il est plus grand que ...
He is the tallest => Il est le plus grand

Good, better, best
bad, worse, worst
		
	
	Sustainability in I.T
	
To be sustainable: Durable(env...)

Causes: 
	1- E-Waste => electronic waste.
		Disposables: Computers, monitors, toners and cartridges
	2- Electricity consumption (To consume).
		Information technology companies are one of the greediest consumer of power supply.
	3- Toxic substances
		Computer and electronic devices contain toxic substances such as mercury, lead (plomb)
	4- Extraction raw materials (mining).
		Mines are exploited dangerously by vunerable populations.
		
Evolutions: 
	1- Bigger and powerful procesors.
		Bigger computers tend to consume less power than smaller ones.
		(ex: 10 virtual machines that will avoid the usage of physical ones)
	2- Refurbishing / recycling
		Companies now specialize in repairing and resale of used devices.
	3- Green datacenters
		Datacenters are well known to be more efficient than singular servers.
		If they use green energy, they can have a positive carbon footprint.
	4- Automation
		software programming allied with sensors allow to generate enormous energy savings.
		

Vous êtes le DSI d'une entreprise qui vient d'être verbalisée pour plusieurs infractions liées au code de l'urbanisme.
	- La commune vous reproche de ne pas avoir de politique de recyclage
	- Vos déchets ont été retrouvés à la centrale d'incinération.
	- Votre facture d'électricité est en hausse de 130%
Le directeur vous demande un plan d'action pour remédier à cette situation catastrophique.

Oh grand director.

I have heard your commands. The following process may, or even will if enough whipping is provided, adress the recent blames 
our magnificent company face today.
For starter, we need to inform our staff that printing in color or pointless is to be avoided. This will drastically decrease
our cartridges consumption. This campaign should be completed by recycling advice, that way, if our employees do not respect it,
we will be free to fire them for serious misconduct. 
This state of fear that will be then in place will make the future change you might want to pass way easier to implement.
Also, I made some research, and it seems that some peasant companies would be delighted to buy our wastes for substantial amount of money,
leading us to be richer and adress the infamous accusations that we are facing today even more.
To finish with the electricity consumption, I wouldn't dare to speak about your new 40 square feet fully illuminated & heated shark tank, 
but I think that making our employees work in the dark would help them focus on their tiny computer screen better, by making all distraction
disapear from their sight. It could be worthwhile to consider investments into automation also, since humans are still tedious to deal with and 
often stay too long in the restroom. Cutting the light after 12.3 seconds will help them get out faster and save a substencial amount of power.

I hope that your greatness will be satisfied with this fix-everything plan

Always delighted to work under you,

DSI

Résumé français 150 mots