From Sunday, French companies will be required to guarantee their employees a “right to disconnect” from technology as the country seeks 
to tackle the modern-day scourge of compulsive out-of-hours email checking.

On 1 January, an employment law will enter into force that obliges organisations with more than 50 workers 
to start negotiations to define the rights of employees to ignore their smartphones.

Overuse of digital devices has been blamed for everything from burnout to sleeplessness as well 
as relationship problems, with many employees uncertain of when they can switch off.The measure is intended to tackle the 
so-called “always-on” work culture that has led to a surge in usually unpaid overtime – while also giving employees 
flexibility to work outside the office.

Under the new law, companies will be obliged to negotiate with employees to agree on their 
rights to switch off and ways they can reduce the intrusion of work into their private lives.
If a deal cannot be reached, the company must publish a charter that would make explicit the demands on, 
and rights of, employees out-of-hours.

Trade unions which see themselves as guardians of France’s highly protected workplace and working week of 35 hours have long demanded action. 
However, the new “right to disconnect”, part of a much larger and controversial reform of French labour law, foresees no sanction for companies 
which fail to define it.

Some large groups such as Volkswagen and Daimler in Germany or nuclear power company Areva and insurer Axa in France have already 
taken steps to limit out-of-hours messaging to reduce burnout among workers.

Some measures include cutting email connections in the evening and weekends or even destroying emails automatically 
that are sent to employees while they are on holiday.

M.Miller www.france24.fr

Compte rendu FR // 150 mots +/- 10%

Texte issu de www.france24.fr, écrit par M.Miller

Dés dimanche, les entreprises auront l'obligation d'appliquer le droit à la déconnexion, pour combattre l'augmentation des emails pro en dehors des heures de travail.
Le 1er janvier, une loi entrera en vigueur et forcera toute organisation de plus de 50 employés à définir ce droit. Cette définition se fera en négotiation avec
les employés et si un accord ne peut être atteint, l'entreprise aura l'obligation de publier une charte explicite sur les attentes & droits des employés en
dehors des heures de travail.
Cette loi, ayant pour but de flexibiliser les heures de travails des employés tout en combattant la tendance du "toujours en poste" de notre époque, fait partie 
d'une réforme des lois du travail bien plus large demandés par les syndicats Français. Elle ne prévois cependant pas de sanctions en cas de non respect.
Certains grand groupes comme Volkswagen, Daimler, Areva ou Axa en france ont déjà des mesures en place, comme bloquer les emails ou même les détruire en cas de congés
de l'employé pour tenter de réuidre les burnous fréquents.