Legal aspect of I.T

1- Copyright:
	It is a set or rule that protects intellectual property. In a general matter, it is not allowed to duplicate or retail
	copyrighted material.
	Patents (Brevet)
	Multimedia files (sound, image, videos, etc)
	Copyright free

2- Labour law (convention collective / droit du travail):
	Each activity genrate its own set of rules and regulations.
	Employer's obligations:
		- Right to disconnect (appel urgent h24)
		- High connectivity does not respect employees minimum rest time
		- Ergonomic specifications.
			Screen times / sitting positions / Healthy working atmosphere are to be provided by the employer
	Employee's obligations:
		- The employee is bounded to respect data he manipulate, no copying, no divulgation to third parties
		- Private data. It is forbidden to share private data such as names, adresses, social security...

3- Hacking:
	Network violation.
	It is forbidden to enter a private network without authorization
	You will be prosecuted if you information system for harassement, cyberbullying, illegal content.


Sujet: 

Rédigez une note de service en anglais. 
Votre société doit interrompre son activité. Selon la nouvelle legislation, le service proposé est désormais non-conforme.
Il est interdit d'héberger des fichier protégés sans autorisations des ayant-droits.
Prévenez tout vos annonceurs & souscripteurs que le portail "www.youdownload.com" sera définitivement cloturés le 12 mars 2021.
Ils peuvent faire leurs réclamations par courrier si besoin.
N.B. Aucune compensation financière n'est prévu car vous n'êtes pas responsable du changement de la legislation.

Points: => 5 W
	- Why ?
	- Who ?
	- When ?
	- What ?
	- Where ? 
	

Dear custommer,

(=> introductory sentence)
This is an important message for our beloved collaborators. I would have liked to have better news.  
It was a very nice journey to work with you but the adventure has come to an end.

In accordance with the new legislation in force on copyrighted content, youdownload will /be coerced/unwillingly have/ to cease all services.
This law update will take effect as soon as the 12th of march, making our services unable to function completely.

You can contact us by mail if you have any complaints, however, no financial compensation will be provided, as youdownload
is not responsible for legislation updates.

If any future change allow us to resume on our business, I will make sure to contact you !

To the next time, comrade.

Arrrr