	E-Commerce
	
Any website that merchandize good as services using internet as a medium (mean)
Classic confugiration is a warehouse, a space to stock goods.
Comparison website: (marketplace) This website will act as a host or catalog for the intermediary website. 
The latter pay a comission.

Requirements: 
	- Usually the seller needs a website creatore (wix, wordpress, ...)
		This company proposes tailored models that will fit about any company. The website will have
		a domain name and will be stored on the company's data center.
	- The e-commerce company is strongly advised to work with a specialized company to create the online
		payment plugin.
	- The e-commerce website should be visible. It's SEO.
	- Attract people from social media by announcing your website.
	
A bid => Une offre/enchère(unitaire)
Auction => Une enchère (évènement)


Ecrit professionnel:
	Vous êtes consultant d'une petite entreprise qui souhaite recruter une personne pour vous aider dans vos atributions.
	Redigez un courriel destiné au service RH pour lui faire part de votre demande.
	- Quel profil professionnel recherchez vous ? 
	- Compétences / Expériences / Formations exigées
	- Rajouter tout détails que vous pensez être pertinent.
	
Plan:
	- Justification demande
	- prérequis
	- qualités personnelles demandées
	- conclusion
	(profil assistant)
	
	
	To whom it may concern:
	
		Considering the recent surge of application in our platform following the popular event of our armless CEO crossing between england and france by the sea,
		I'm in desperate need for an aid to assist me in my daily struggle to maintain the clusterfuck of excel spreadsheet we boldly qualify of database. I'll need 
		someone that fill some minimum requirements for him/her/whatever to fill that role. Some basic knoweldge of coffee brewing, aswell with extensive knoweldge about 
		not putting a fork anywhere electric (that's how we lost Carl last time). It would be excellent if the candidate was able to show on time and I expect them to be at least
		able to read numbers (the arabic ones, romans are a bit outdated) so they can help me with file storing.
		On a last note, I would like them to have some basics on dental hygiene. 
		I know it's a lot as today standards go.
		
		Wish you luck,
		
		Best regards,
		
		Me (which won't help you much)
	
	
Correction:

	To the HR department:
	
	Recruitment of new collaborator
	
	Dear Madam/Sir,
	
	I would like to notify an urgent request. With the launching of the new software, our activity is very intense and we find ourselves short-staffed to deal with our professional
	challenges.
	We could like one extra employee in our team. This person has to be trained in I.T services, a bachelor in computer studies will be welcome. He or she will have to troubleshoot
	any problems in the network and draft reports. The person will be in charge of receiving all emails and deal with the incoming calls for the I.T department. It would be great to 
	have a dynamic profile, somebody who is not afraid of challenges. Team spirit and punctuality are our values, and also the possibility to work off-office hours.
	Ideally, the new member of staff must start the soonestp ossible. Please don't hesitate to call me if you need more precisions.
	
	
	
Après une analyse minutieuse, une anomalie a été trouvée. Tout semble indiquer qu'un vol de données a été commis. Quelques employés de la sécurité seront interrogés, une enquête a été ouverte.
Certains accès non-autorisés ont été donnés à des personnes extérieures à l'entreprise. Les circonstances & responsabilités devront être déterminées très rapidement. La direction précise que toute
information devras être communiquée aux enquêteurs.

After meticulous analysis, an anomaly has been found. Everything seems to indicate that a data-theft has been committed. Some security employee will be interogated, an investigation has been started.
Some unauthorized access were given to company outsiders. Circumstances & liabilities will be assessed very quickly. The company head add that any intel shall be told to investigators.