		ERP: Enterprise Resource Planning
				(Progiciel)
				
It is a modular software to integrate the main functions of a company. It's a unified system which will be
shared within an activity sector. Why ? Data collection

ERP now solve the problem of data Scattered along the supply chain. The system works hard to collect and 
bring data to one place
Advantages:

	1: Forecast & decision-making.
		Since data is collected as a daily-basis, managers and directors can adjust company policies.
		
	2: Efficiency
		Workload is diminished, less time-consuming processes and internet integration.
		
	3: One unified system means less training time for employees

Disadvantage:

	1: ERP investment is massive and is sometimes reserved to big companies (aws)
	
	2: hyper dependency of companis to their systems
	
	3: Real consequences on staff and labour (redundancy elimination, hyper-control, work pressure etc...)
	

Explain and detail a full ERP solution for a SE (Small Medium Enterprise)

- Describe activity sectors ( define needs )
- Fit in the ERP solution with explaination

Activity sector: Food delivery carrots. All over the world for carrots lover.

SYSPRO provides an end-to-end, fully integrated business solution that includes:

	Accounting and financial management
	Inventory management
	Order management
	Planning and scheduling
	Supply chain management
	Warehouse management
	Production management
	Customer relationship management (CRM)
	Business intelligence
	Manufacturing operations management/Manufacturing Execution System (MES)

SYSPRO gives single or multi-location distributors, wholesalers, importers or over-the-counter 
retail operations the tools to optimize inventory management in order to maximize profitability. 
Inventory is the heart of distribution. SYSPRO offers 24/7 inventory and 360 degree order visibility, 
serial number and lot tracking, inventory optimization, total order fulfillment and customer service throughout your supply chain.
The main distribution industries SYSPRO serves are:

	Automotive Parts and Accessories
	Computer and Electronics
	Consumer Goods
	Food and Beverage
	Industrial Machinery and Equipment
	
You can get this for a price starting at 200$ a month, it work on windows and on the web.



